docs/src/index.md, before:

```@meta
CurrentModule = EndlessTesting
```

# EndlessTesting
*Exploring how to organize docs better.*

Documentation for [EndlessTesting](https://github.com/inkydragon/EndlessTesting.jl).


## Related Issues
- Separate documentation page for all function
  ([JuliaLang/julia#29552](https://github.com/JuliaLang/julia/issues/29552))
- Auto-generated separate reference pages for Julia objects / docstrings
  ([JuliaDocs/Documenter.jl#2133](https://github.com/JuliaDocs/Documenter.jl/issues/2133))


## Reference docs

*exception*
- [Ruby's Exceptional Creatures](https://www.exceptionalcreatures.com/bestiary.html)

*sin*
- [Matlab - sin](https://www.mathworks.com/help/matlab/ref/sin.html)
- [Wolfram - Sin](https://reference.wolfram.com/language/ref/Sin.html)
- [Python numpy - sin](https://numpy.org/doc/stable/reference/generated/numpy.sin.html)
- [DLMF - Trigonometric Functions](https://dlmf.nist.gov/4#PT3)
- [WikiPedia - Sine and Cosine](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sine_and_cosine)
- [R - Trig](https://www.rdocumentation.org/packages/base/versions/3.6.2/topics/Trig)

### matlab
- One sentence description
- Syntax
- Description
- Examples, with plot
- Input Arguments
- Output Arguments
- More About
- Tips
- Extended Capabilities
- Version History
- See Also (links)

### wolfram
- Details, Some definitions and facts
- Background & Context
- Examples
    + Basic Examples: most common use cases
    + Scope: Survey of the scope of standard use cases
    + Applications: Sample problems that can be solved with this function
    + Properties & Relations: Properties of the function, and connections to other functions
    + Possible Issues: Common pitfalls and unexpected behavior
    + Neat Examples: Surprising or curious use cases
- See Also (links)
- Tech Notes (links)
- Related Guides (links)
- Related Links
- History

### numpy
- func def
- Parameters
- See Also (links)
- Notes
- Examples, with plot

### R
- Description
- Usage
- Arguments
- Value, special value
- Complex values, branch cuts
- Details, impl details
- References
- Examples


## Function Index
> NOTE: This list is auto-generated.

```@index
```

Commit message:

Rename repo to `TheMissingDoc4Julia`
use new uuid4

docs/src/index.md, after:

```@meta
CurrentModule = TheMissingDoc4Julia
```

# TheMissingDoc4Julia
*Exploring how to organize docs better.*

Documentation for [TheMissingDoc4Julia](https://github.com/inkydragon/TheMissingDoc4Julia.jl).


## Related Issues
- Separate documentation page for all function
  ([JuliaLang/julia#29552](https://github.com/JuliaLang/julia/issues/29552))
- Auto-generated separate reference pages for Julia objects / docstrings
  ([JuliaDocs/Documenter.jl#2133](https://github.com/JuliaDocs/Documenter.jl/issues/2133))


## Reference docs

*exception*
- [Ruby's Exceptional Creatures](https://www.exceptionalcreatures.com/bestiary.html)

*sin*
- [Matlab - sin](https://www.mathworks.com/help/matlab/ref/sin.html)
- [Wolfram - Sin](https://reference.wolfram.com/language/ref/Sin.html)
- [Python numpy - sin](https://numpy.org/doc/stable/reference/generated/numpy.sin.html)
- [DLMF - Trigonometric Functions](https://dlmf.nist.gov/4#PT3)
- [WikiPedia - Sine and Cosine](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sine_and_cosine)
- [R - Trig](https://www.rdocumentation.org/packages/base/versions/3.6.2/topics/Trig)

### matlab
- One sentence description
- Syntax
- Description
- Examples, with plot
- Input Arguments
- Output Arguments
- More About
- Tips
- Extended Capabilities
- Version History
- See Also (links)

### wolfram
- Details, Some definitions and facts
- Background & Context
- Examples
    + Basic Examples: most common use cases
    + Scope: Survey of the scope of standard use cases
    + Applications: Sample problems that can be solved with this function
    + Properties & Relations: Properties of the function, and connections to other functions
    + Possible Issues: Common pitfalls and unexpected behavior
    + Neat Examples: Surprising or curious use cases
- See Also (links)
- Tech Notes (links)
- Related Guides (links)
- Related Links
- History

### numpy
- func def
- Parameters
- See Also (links)
- Notes
- Examples, with plot

### R
- Description
- Usage
- Arguments
- Value, special value
- Complex values, branch cuts
- Details, impl details
- References
- Examples


## Function Index
> NOTE: This list is auto-generated.

```@index
```
